I see who dares
Mr. Qin
You are so blind
Qin Xiaojiang, this bastard hurt your distinguished guest
Go away
Mr. Shen, I'm so sorry.
I haven't been back for too long
Forgot about fingerprints
Qin Murong actually apologized to Shen Rong
How could this be?
Didn't Shen Rong provoke Miss Qi?
Mr. Shen, please
The door of your Qin family is so difficult to enter
I'd better step out in a group
Shen Rong, don't be ignorant
Miss Xi will give you face
You really think of yourself as someone
What's the problem?
Mr. Shen, they know they are wrong
About your few medicinal herbs
I already have maintenance.
Let's go in and I'll tell you, okay?
The security of Genting Heaven Palace is so good
You don't have to have two dogs standing here
What are you still doing?
Didn't you hear what Mr. Shen said?
Hit them out.